1. It may not be easy, you may not understand it, but faith is trusting God when life doesn’t make sense. Dare to believe that He’s blessing you even in the hard times, that what was meant for your harm is going to work to your advantage. – Joel Osteen

2. God knew every mistake you would make and still made a good plan for your life one to prosper you and not harm you. – Paula White
3. If you lived to see the sun come up this morning, God still has a purpose for your life. – Matthew Hagee

4. Remember that even in the midst of suffering, God’s will is being done. – Paul Chappell

5. When your heart is overwhelmed, God will restore the joy of your salvation. He will carry you, strengthen you & guide you. – T.D. Jakes

6. God can give you the grace—the energy, the zeal, the passion—to do whatever you need to do…and to do it with a good attitude. – Joyce Meyer

7. If you are a Christian, remind yourself today that you are safe in God’s presence. His love attends your every need in life or in death. – Dr. David Jeremiah

8. Concentrate on counting your blessings and you’ll have little time to count anything else. – Woodrow Kroll

9. The God of all comfort will wrap his loving arms around you and whisper in your ear: “We’re going to get through this!” – John Hagee

10. Every time you think you’re being rejected, God’s actually redirecting you to something better. Ask Him to give you the strength to press forward. – Nick Vujicic

11. God is on your side; you’re good. All your enemies can take a number to line up against you. It doesn’t matter. You’ll still be standing at the end of it all – because God is with you. – Steven Furtick

12. Never be afraid to trust an unknown future to a known God. – Corrie ten Boom

13. You have an enemy that’s trying to keep you from your destiny. But here’s the key, the forces that are for you are greater than the forces that are against you. Don’t let what happens to you, large or small, cause you to pull up your anchor. If you’ll keep your hope in the Lord, God will get you to where you’re supposed to be. – Joel Osteen

14. God can open doors for you that no man can open. – Joyce Meyer

15. Fight the good fight of faith! We are more than conquerors through Christ who strengthens us! No matter where you’ve been, or the tragic circumstances that currently engulf you, God sees. On your best day, God sees. On your worst day, God sees. Don’t ever think you’re not important to Him. Call on His name and know that He is the God who sees, ready to supply your every need according to His riches in glory. – John Hagee

16. God has called you by name; you are His. There are no second-class citizens in the Kingdom of God. You are judging by appearances. If anyone is confident that they belong to Christ, they should consider again that we belong to Christ just as much as they do. – Steven Furtick

17. When your will is God’s will, you will have your will. – Charles Spurgeon

18. You weren’t an accident. You weren’t mass produced. You aren’t an assembly-line product. You were deliberately planned, specifically gifted, and lovingly positioned on the earth by the Master Craftsman. – Max Lucado

19. Don’t miss your moment. Life is flying by. You don’t have time to waste being unfocused, intimidated and letting opportunities pass you up. You have to get focused, be intentional. Start taking steps of faith to release the gifts that God has put in you. – Joel Osteen

20. God never takes away something from your life without replacing it with something better. – Billy Graham

21. You were made by God and for God and until you understand that, life will never make sense. – Rick Warren

22. Life’s trials are not easy, but in God’s will, each has a purpose. – Warren Wiersbe

23. Prayer alone will overcome the gigantic difficulties. – John R. Mott

24. God wants to do something big in your life. Don’t cancel it out with a negative attitude. Negative words, doubt and unbelief tie the hands of God. When you’re positive, you’ll see blessings overtaking you, favor that you didn’t deserve. It’s not going to be the usual process—God is speeding things up. – Joel Osteen

25. God never allows pain without a purpose. – Jerry Bridges

26. Life isn’t fair, but God is. He heals the brokenhearted and their wounds and bruises. We may not know why things happen the way they do, but we can know God! – Joyce Meyer

27. The same Jesus Who turned water into wine can transform your home, your life, your family, and your future. He is still in the miracle-working business, and His business is the business of transformation. – Adrian Rogers

28. God sees you, and He sees your problems. When you let Him transform the way you think, you see things from HIS perspective! – Rick Warren

29. Outside of Christ, I am weak; in Christ, I am strong. – Watchmen Nee

30. When we compare ourselves with others, it robs us of our unique value. The truth of the matter is, you are special. You are one of a kind! You were created to do things that no one else was created to do!  – Victoria Osteen

31. When we lose one blessing, another is often most unexpectedly given in its place. – C.S. Lewis

32. But God doesn’t call us to be comfortable. He calls us to trust Him so completely that we are unafraid to put ourselves in situations where we will be in trouble if He doesn’t come through. – Francis Chan

33. Faith is taking the first step even when you can’t see the whole staircase. – Martin Luther King Jr.

34. God never hurries. There are no deadlines against which he must work. Only to know this is to quiet our spirits and relax our nerves. – A.W. Tozer

35. God is greater than the enemy that comes against you. He is your banner, shield and shout of triumph. – John Hagee

36. When you have nothing left but God, you have more than enough to start over again. – Mother Teresa

37. If you look at the world, you’ll be distressed. If you look within, you’ll be depressed. If you look at God you’ll be at rest. – Corrie ten Boom

38. Don’t worry about what may or may not happen! God is working behind the scenes for you! – Paula White

39. The God who created, names and numbers the stars in the heavens also numbers the hairs of my head. He pays attention to very big things and to very small ones. What matters to me matters to Him, and that changes my life. – Elisabeth Elliot

40. Snuggle in God’s arms. When you are hurting, when you feel lonely, left out. Let Him cradle you, comfort you, reassure you of His all-sufficient power and love. – Kay Arthur

41. You can go through life fighting everything that doesn’t go your way, or you can stay in peace knowing that God is directing your steps. Even the detours, the dead ends, and the U-turns are all going to work to your advantage. – Joel Osteen

42. Does something in your life today seem insurmountable? No matter how tough your problem looks, the God we serve is a giant killer. He knew what your problem would be long before you got out bed and life smacked you in the face. And He already has the perfect answer in mind for you, if you will only seek His face. Stop carrying a load you were never meant to bear and hand it over to your heavenly Father so you can receive His riches. He will not withhold any good thing from you! – John Hagee

43. The Lord gets His best soldiers out of the highlands of affliction. – Charles Spurgeon

44. We shouldn’t be surprised by trials. That’s because the forces of darkness would not be fighting against you if they didn’t know that God has something amazing in your future. – Victoria Osteen

45. You are the only you God made… God made you and broke the mold. – Max Lucado

46. No matter what I’ve done, no matter where I’ve been, no matter how I fall, You pick me up again. You have removed my shame, You take me as I am, You call me justified. Now I am covered by Your grace. – Ricardo Sanchez

47. Adversity is not simply a tool. It is God’s most effective tool for the advancement of our spiritual lives. The circumstances and events that we see as setbacks are oftentimes the very things that launch us into periods of intense spiritual growth. Once we begin to understand this, and accept it as a spiritual fact of life, adversity becomes easier to bear. – Charles Stanley

48. Nothing paralyzes our lives like the attitude that things can never change. We need to remind ourselves that God can change things. Outlook determines outcome. If we see only the problems, we will be defeated; but if we see the possibilities in the problems, we can have victory. – Warren Wiersbe

49. The ultimate measure of a man is not where he stands in moments of comfort and convenience, but where he stands at times of challenge and controversy. – Martin Luther King, Jr.

50. Faith…involves trusting in the future promises of God and waiting for their fulfillment. – R.C. Sproul

51. Pray when you feel like worrying. Give thanks when you feel like complaining. Keep going when you feel like quitting. – Dave Willis

52. Don’t let what’s behind you make you miss what’s before you. – Steven Furtick

53. When you face tough times, your dream looks impossible, every voice says it’s not going to happen, go back and replay your victories. Relive the times God made a way for you. When you’re always thinking about God’s goodness, that attitude of expectancy is what allows God to turn things around. – Joel Osteen

54. God can take the worst thing that you could possibly imagine and somehow or another, He throws a few of His own ingredients in there and it turns out to be a miracle. And all you have to do is give it to Him. – Joyce Meyer

55. The God of your mountain is also the God of your valley. He’s not scared of messy situations or messy people. He’s not intimidated by the situations beyond your control. Wherever you find yourself today, lift your eyes to the hills – your help comes from the LORD. – Steven Furtick

56. Your emptiness is but the preparation for your being filled, and your casting down is but the making ready for your lifting up. – Charles Spurgeon

57. Scripture says, “Don’t despise the day of small beginnings.” In other words, don’t get frustrated when things don’t happen on your timetable. Be faithful with what is in your hand today, and God will work out the details of tomorrow! – Victoria Osteen

58. I’ve read the last page of the Bible, it’s all going to turn out all right. – Billy Graham

59. The reason people can’t hold you down is because God still has something for you to do. You have an assignment. His mercy is not going to give up on you. His calling is irrevocable. He chose you before you could choose Him. – Joel Osteen

60. Still do you say, “My sins are too great to be forgiven.” Nay, but O man, as high as the heaven is above the earth, so great is his mercy above thy sins, and so far does his grace exceed thy thoughts. – Charles Spurgeon

61. If God had a refrigerator, your picture would be on it. If He had a wallet, your photo would be in it. He sends you flowers every spring and a sunrise every morning… Face it, friend. He is crazy about you! – Max Lucado

62. We do not have to be superheroes. Give yourself permission to be who you are—an imperfect human being who needs help! – Joyce Meyer

63. You were created to be a champion in life! You are on the winning team, and you already have the victory! – Victoria Osteen

64. The Christian does not think God will love us because we are good, but that God will make us good because He loves us. – C.S. Lewis

65. Look within, get depressed; Look around, get distressed; Look to Jesus, find perfect rest. – Joseph Prince

66. Expect great things from God. Attempt great things for God. – William Carey

67. The will of God will not take us where the grace of God cannot sustain us. – Billy Graham

68. We can stand affliction better than we can prosperity, for in prosperity we forget God. – D.L. Moody

69. Give it all to God: your past regrets, your present problems, your future ambitions, your fears, dreams, weaknesses, habits, hurts, and hang-ups. Put Jesus Christ in the driver’s seat of your life and take your hands off the steering wheel. – Rick Warren

70. You may have had some bad breaks, some closed doors, some people that didn’t do you right, but God hasn’t forgotten about your dreams. Stay in faith, life happens to all of us. You may get dropped, but remember—it’s only temporary. – Joel Osteen

71. When people let you down, God will lift you up! – Paula White

72. You may feel the stress of great struggle, but God is greater than your struggle. – Matthew Hagee

73. Just because a promise hasn’t happened yet doesn’t mean it’s not going to happen. You may have had some bad breaks, but that doesn’t mean you’re not going to fulfill your destiny. If it wasn’t going to work for your good, He wouldn’t have allowed it. Shake off the disappointment. What God promised you, He’s still going to bring to pass. – Joel Osteen

74. I may not be where I need to be but thanks God I’m not where I used to be. – Joyce Meyer

75. A Bible that’s falling apart usually belongs to someone who isn’t. – Charles Spurgeon

76. If you can’t fly then run, if you can’t run then walk, if you can’t walk then crawl, but whatever you do you have to keep moving forward. – Martin Luther King Jr.

77. If through a broken heart God can bring His purposes to pass in the world, then thank Him for breaking your heart. – Oswald Chambers

78. There is no greater discovery than seeing God as the author of your destiny. – Ravi Zacharias

79. What’s God saying to you now? All things are possible to him who worries? No. All things are possible to him who attempts to work it out? No. But, All things are possible to him who believes. – Charles R. Swindoll

80. The Christian should never worry about tomorrow or give sparingly because of a possible future need. Only the present moment is ours to serve the Lord, and tomorrow may never come…Life is worth as much as it is spent for the Lord’s service. – George Mueller

81. To fall in love with God is the greatest romance; to seek him the greatest adventure; to find him, the greatest human achievement. – Augustine

82. I realized that the deepest spiritual lessons are not learned by His letting us have our way in the end, but by His making us wait, bearing with us in love and patience until we are able to honestly to pray what He taught His disciples to pray: Thy will be done. – Elisabeth Elliot

83. God uses broken things. It takes broken soil to produce a crop, broken clouds to give rain, broken grain to give bread, broken bread to give strength. It is the broken alabaster box that gives forth perfume. It is Peter, weeping bitterly, who returns to greater power than ever. – Vance Havner

84. Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. – Winston S. Churchill

85. I am not sure exactly what heaven will be like, but I know that when we die and it comes time for God to judge us, he will not ask, ‘How many good things have you done in your life?’ rather he will ask, ‘How much love did you put into what you did? – Mother Teresa

86. No matter what happens, or how bad it seems today, life does go on, and it will be better tomorrow. – Maya Angelou

87. If you want to be happy, do not dwell in the past, do not worry about the future, focus on living fully in the present. – Roy T. Bennett

88. The truth is, unless you let go, unless you forgive yourself, unless you forgive the situation, unless you realize that the situation is over, you cannot move forward. – Steve Maraboli

89. Knock, And He’ll open the door. Vanish, And He’ll make you shine like the sun. Fall, And He’ll raise you to the heavens. Become nothing, And He’ll turn you into everything. – Jalaluddin Rumi

90. Have you been knocked down by life’s circumstances? Don’t give an alibi; give another try. God doesn’t sponsor flops and He doesn’t manufacture junk. All things are possible for you. – John Hagee

91. If Jesus could satisfy a hungry crowd, just imagine what He can do for your hungry soul. – Joyce Meyer

92. Lay all of your challenges and failures at Jesus’ feet. He is not going to be mad at you. He’s the only one who can set you free from your fears, guilt, and addictions, and love you into wholeness and victory. – Joseph Prince

93. As long as you’re dwelling on the past, you’re going to miss the new things God wants to do. God said He would give you beauty for ashes, He would take what was meant for harm and use it to your advantage, but you have to do your part and drop it. There’s a new beginning waiting for you. – Joel Osteen

94. When you are in the final days of your life, what will you want? Will you hug that college degree in the walnut frame? Will you ask to be carried to the garage so you can sit in your car? Will you find comfort in rereading your financial statement? Of course not. What will matter then will be people. If relationships will matter most then, shouldn’t they matter most now? – Max Lucado

95. Live simply, love generously, care deeply, speak kindly, leave the rest to God. – Ronald Reagan

96. Time spent in prayer is never wasted. – Francis Fenelon

97. You may not be where you want, but you can look back and thank God you are not where you used to be.

98. At the end of life we will not be judged by how many diplomas we have received, how much money we have made, how many great things we have done.
We will be judged by “I was hungry, and you gave me something to eat, I was naked and you clothed me. I was homeless, and you took me in. – Mother Teresa

99. God will tell you the way to go, but then you have to do the walking. – Joyce Meyer

100. You won’t live a victorious life if you’re always reliving what didn’t work out, who hurt you or the mistakes you’ve made. The reason it’s called the past is because it’s done, it’s over, it’s history. Now do your part and let it go. – Joel Osteen

1. “Life is wasted if we do not grasp the glory of the cross, cherish it for the treasure that it is, and cleave to it as the highest price of every pleasure and the deepest comfort in every pain. What was once foolishness to us—a crucified God—must become our wisdom and our power and our only boast in this world.” –John Piper

2. “God loves each of us as if there were only one of us”- Augustine

3. “God never said that the journey would be easy, but He did say that the arrival would be worthwhile” – Max Lucado

4. “God’s work done in God’s way will never lack God’s supplies.” –Hudson Taylor

5. “God will meet you where you are in order to take you where He wants you to go.”  –Tony Evans

6. “Let God’s promises shine on your problems.” –Corrie ten Boom

7. “Christ literally walked in our shoes.” –Tim Keller

8. "He is no fool who gives what he cannot keep, to gain what he cannot lose." –Jim Elliot

9. “Remember who you are. Don’t compromise for anyone, for any reason. You are a child of the Almighty God. Live that truth.” –Lysa Terkeurst

10. “If you can’t fly, then run, If you can’t run, then walk, If you can’t walk, then crawl, but whatever you do, you have to keep moving forward.” –Martin Luther King Jr.

11. “Our greatest fear should not be of failure but of succeeding at things in life that don’t really matter.” –Francis Chan

12. "If God is your partner, make your plans BIG!" –D.L. Moody

13. “You are the only Bible some unbelievers will ever read.” –John MacArthur

14. “We gain strength, and courage, and confidence by each experience in which we really stop to look fear in the face...we must do that which we think we cannot."  –Eleanor Roosevelt

15. “He who lays up treasures on earth spends his life backing away from his treasures. To him, death is loss. He who lays up treasures in heaven looks forward to eternity; he’s moving daily toward his treasures. To him, death is gain.” –Randy Alcorn

16. “God does not give us everything we want, but He does fulfill His promises, leading us along the best and straightest paths to Himself.” –Dietrich Bonhoeffer

17. “The Christian life is not a constant high. I have my moments of deep discouragement. I have to go to God in prayer with tears in my eyes, and say, 'O God, forgive me,' or 'Help me.'” –Billy Graham

18. “Always, everywhere God is present, and always He seeks to discover Himself to each one” –A.W.Tozer

19. "If you believe in a God who controls the big things, you have to believe in a God who controls the little things.  It is we, of course, to whom things look 'little' or 'big'." –Elisabeth Elliot

20. “There is no one who is insignificant in the purpose of God.” –Alistair Begg

21. "Relying on God has to start all over everyday, as if nothing has yet been done."  –C. S. Lewis

22. “This is our time on the history line of God. This is it. What will we do with the one deep exhale of God on this earth? For we are but a vapor and we have to make it count. We’re on. Direct us, Lord, and get us on our feet.” –Beth Moore

23. "The best thing about the future is that it comes only one day at a time." –Abraham Lincoln

24. “Your potential is the sum of all the possibilities God has for your life.” –Charles Stanley

25. "The best and most beautiful things in this world cannot be seen or even heard, but must be felt with the heart." –Helen Keller

26. “We are all faced with a series of great opportunities brilliantly disguised as impossible situations.” –Chuck Swindoll

27. “Be faithful in small things because it is in them that your strength lies.” –Mother Teresa

28. “The greater your knowledge of the goodness and grace of God on your life, the more likely you are to praise Him in the storm.” –Matt Chandler

29. "Continuous effort -- not strength nor intelligence -- is the key to unlocking our potential." –Winston Churchill

30. “God is most glorified in us when we are most satisfied in Him” –John Piper